9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvon Man with David [music]
and Glass.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open at markets in greater China. Our
top stories today, Asian stocks
rebounding to start the week off.
Investors taking cues [music] from
Friday's strong close on Wall Street.
Tech in focus at the open after sinking
into bare market territory.
>> Japanese stocks getting a lift from
Prime Minister Sai. Takahuchi's
landslide election victory, [music]
giving her party a super majority in
parliament.
>> Plus, time markets in focus as well as
its pro-establishment ruling party gets
a fresh mandate, [music] boosting hopes
for a political stability after years of
turmoil.
>> And I'm Mman Low in Hong Kong where the
high court is set to sentence former
[music] media mogul Jimmy Lie. He could
face life in prison. He is convicted of
collusion and sedition under national
security laws.
[music]
>> All right, what a week to really kind of
talk about the big themes here today. We
thought we were going to talk about this
whole kind of tech rebound that could
easily have been our top story here
today or silver. Uh gold's back to
5,000, but then again, we got to talk
about Japan here this morning.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, the markets
are really giving us something to talk
about. Landslide victory. We're calling
today's teams to Ivon's point there. Two
two elections in a tech rally uh rebound
today. So, you know, as far as Japan is
concerned, uh what what does this allow
Takayichi to do? And I think there's a
distinction between the support levels
that she's garnered against the party as
well and whether or not this landslide
victory does allow of course a more sort
of pro- stimulus stance on the economy.
What does it mean for the BOJ of course
and I think you're seeing that as far as
the banks underperforming today. But we
can get to the market reaction. Yeah,
the policy implications I think is
still, you know, we need to lay out,
right? What is going to be her vision
here uh for the economy given the fact
that she really campaigned on this
election
>> on herself, right? This was in some ways
a referendum of the premier and her
personality which really won uh this
unprecedented sort of showing when it
comes to the LDP. So, yeah, is that
going to be something about the economic
side of things that we need to talk
about as well? even the politics right
when it comes to the constitution which
is something that even Shinszo AB may
not have had that sort of mandate to do
uh during his time. So that's one thing
to watch but you know when it comes to
stocks we certainly are seeing that bid
here this morning. It's interesting too
with the yen we thought you know we a
landslide victory would mean 160 for
dollar yen we're still at 156 levels
here right now. Well, I think they came
out as well shortly after they got a
sense of what market reaction is going
to be initially sort of planted in the
seed of investors minds that they're
still watching the, you know, the big
moves in the currency. In fact, we're
now stronger on the Japanese currency.
Apart from all of that, of course, the
stars are aligning as it pertains to
risk appetite because you do have that.
I think if you you take Thailand and you
take Japan um in context, it's really
just stability for both. And I think you
had the big drop on Thursday risk
assets, massive rebound into the
weekend. So we're feeling the tailwinds
of all three uh when you think about it
that way. So in fact, just have a look
at Japan and we'll talk about the tech
story in a moment because there's also a
very big day we're seeing in South Korea
uh today. By the way, earnings as well,
right? Japan DBS is coming online as
well. So N is up 5%. That's going to
come up on your screens very very
shortly. Uh that's not a move you don't
normally see. That's a three sigma move
going into today. We talked about the
underperformance of the banks because in
some ways this this in some way handicap
what the BOJ is able to do as far as
raising interest rates are are
concerned. Machinery index up 4.3.
Taiwan coming online. We talked about
Korea, Singapore and within Singapore
the DBS story coming up bottom of your
screen. So very strong showing uh coming
through as far as the Taiwan and Korea
uh stories are concerned. Uh very
briefly let's have a look at other
themes across these markets. We talked
about the currency markets. Sterling's
coming up on your screens. Uh here of
course top eight resigning over the
weekend. U Bitcoin
not feeling the same punch that we're
getting as far as silver and the bounce
in gold prices are concerned. If the
futures, we talked about this. We did
enter bare market terrain on HS Tech
Hensson tech index uh going into the
close. It's looking like we'll be
reversing most of the weakness going
into the Monday session today.
>> Yep. For more on Takahi's landslide win,
let's bring in our team now. Our Asia
Trade co-anchor Sher An joins us from
Tokyo. Also with us is our M live
executive editor Mark Cudmore. Sher,
I'll start with you. Uh this is a
stunning sort of turnout here when it
came to a very snowy day uh in Japan as
well, but tell us through what you know
this landslide victory is going to mean
now for the LDP party and Takahuchi.
To your point, Ivon, I was thinking the
same thing because we had heavy snow
yesterday. I was wondering how many
people would actually go out and vote,
but Japanese media now saying that the
turnout was slightly better than the
previous lower house election back in
2024. And you mentioned how this
election was a referendum on Taki
herself. Yes, it was. She really made it
look like it was a referendum on her
leadership and she's incredibly popular
here in Japan. So she actually managed
to take her ruling Liberal Democratic
Party to have the best number of seats
gained ever since the founding of the
LDP back in 1955. We are now seeing her
coalition winning more than 350 seats.
What that means is that this is a super
majority. What that means is that they
can actually override a veto in the
upper house. So this really putting her
on par with iconic prime ministers of
the past here in Japan, Junichiro
Koisumi and of course her mentor Shinszo
Abbe as well. What will this mean in
terms of policies? The big question we
have seen her in the last few months
take more restrictive immigration
measures, a shift away from Japan's
pacifist principles. So that has also
been felt across markets with some of
those sectors rallying ahead of the
vote.
>> Yeah. Sher, talk a little bit more
specifically around what policy she
could now push through uh wi-i with with
I guess less friction this time around.
>> I think the biggest question right now
is what happens to the consumption tax
suspension on food that she wanted for
about 2 years during the campaign
period. In fact, a lot of other
politicians wanted this. For example,
her main opposition, the Centuries
Reform Alliance, wanted this uh
consumption tax to be halted uh
indefinitely. So, this will be a key
question on how she manages to pass this
consumption tax halt on food and how
long this will last for. Uh, of course,
this has led to a lot of questions about
Japan's fiscal sustainability because
remember this could cost according to
calculations 5 trillion yen. That's more
than $31 billion per year when you
suspend uh this tax on food. We're also
going to be watching very closely what
happens to of course the constitutional
revisions that could be put back on the
table. Prime Minister Takahuchi has
advocated changing article 9 in Japan's
pacifist constitution to explicitly
allow the country to maintain military
forces. Remember technically Japan is
not allowed to do that since World War
II. Although we do have the self-defense
forces that act as a modern military
here in Japan, but what this will mean
also for the defense sector, for more
defense spending, and of course
geopolitical influence here across the
region at a time when Japan continues to
see heightened tensions against China on
Prime Minister Taki's comments around
Taiwan just last year. Uh this will be
in focus in the months ahead.
>> Sherry, thank you Sheran. And uh there
we're going to bring in uh Mark Cutmore.
Mark, uh it seems right now stocks are a
bit up. Yen's actually strengthening,
which is interesting, but JGB yields are
ticking higher this morning. Does this
Takiichi trade live on for a bit more?
>> I think the Takichi trade is sustainable
very long term. I think it's going to
be, you know, uh we're going to have a
couple of years out of this and that is
uh you know, it's good for the Japanese
economy relative to the the stagnant
place it's been for the last 30 years.
So it is in a relative basis. The yen
will continue to weaken as it has for
the last five or six years. Um remember
shouldn't just through the dollar yen
lens because obviously there's a
separate dollar trade that quite often
dominates but the yen will continue to
weaken on crosses. Um and yields will
continue to go higher on JGBs. Why is
that not working shortterm? Well, it's
the classic dynamic we're seeing across
assets at the moment this year in that
traders versus investors dynamic. And
what I mean by that is that many of the
established trends for the last few
months are very sustainable
fundamentally on a long term but the
real flows the what I call investors the
real structural flows behind those
trends move in the in the the basis of
years uh and therefore what's happened
is short-term momentum traders retail
traders have got over excited on some of
these trends which means some of them
get overpriced in the short term even
though they're sustainable and that's
that's exactly what we're seeing in the
Japan trade at the moment that you know
the takage trade has been very well
placed very well you priced and in fact
many of the dynamics were there before
uh there was even the new election
announced before she came into the
running. It's about this idea of
monetizing Japan's debt pile uh to boost
the stock prices and that's been the
theme for the last year or so. So it's
very very well priced which means it
makes it very hard to kind of how do you
trade that long-term trend? What it
really means is you're going to get
disruption over the year ahead, but
ultimately that disruption will be a
chance for long-term structural flows to
get behind those sustainable trends of
higher Japanese equity prices, weaker
yen, and higher JGB yields.
>> Mark, uh, your thoughts on the broader
risk rally we're seeing today? I mean,
certainly Japan is helping the
benchmark, but we're also getting quite
some big moves in in Taiwan and Korea as
far as the equity markets are concerned,
of course.
Yeah, I'm quite worried about this week.
I think that the last week or two has
been a kind of rotation trade. Again,
it's been the retail sector that's been
hurt. It goes into this dynamic. I've
just been talking about traders versus
investors. Look, the structural backdrop
for this year is wonderfully positive
for equities. We got fiscal expansion
everywhere. We've got relatively good
growth. We've got easy monetary policy
coming from the Fed as the most
important central bank. And we're
clearly in the inflationary stage of the
AI capex bubble. So everything is very
positive for equity prices. The problem
is we've massively priced all those
dynamic short-term which is again those
why traders are getting hurt and I think
that for the next week or two we see
that pain that we see in the retail
sector transition into the professional
space and we see more broad risk
aversion. As I said I think it'll be
temporary. I think overall this year
it'll be good but I do think this week
will be will be difficult. Um and I
think that yes we've seen some very
powerful rallies in some assets. things
like silver and Bitcoin is the probably
the most extreme example, but those are
broken markets. You see the most
powerful short-term rallies in bare
markets. Uh, and I think that that kind
of shows the liquidity is going, it's
problematic. This week, the dynamic will
probably higher yields and it'll be
those higher yields that will set off
another wave of risk aversion. So, I'm a
little bit worried about this week that
it could be quite quite a tough week for
traders.
>> It was already a tough week for Chinese
tech last week, Mark. Could that reverse
this week? uh just going into your early
thoughts in Chinese markets this Monday.
>> I think unfortunately people are worried
about the the AI space and I think that
you know the tech space and as you say
China tech's been struggling for a
while. I'm not seeing kind of that kind
of uh rebound imminently. Again, I'm I'm
very positive longer term, but I just
think short-term the dynamic stays quite
heavy. So yeah, look, I think I think
China, Hong Kong will be caught up in
that general uh slightly tougher week,
that more risk aversion week where it's
going from a rotation trade into just
broader d-risking. And I think that's
the dynamic we're going to have at the
moment. This is not about a panic monger
call for a longerterm bare market. It's
just that this week will likely be
negative.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Hudmore there, our
executive editor out of MIB in Singapore
for us. More in a moment on the Japanese
elections, the broader fiscal, monetary
and political implications there. Uh the
Hudson Institute's William Cho will be
joining us to look at those things in a
moment. A more assertive Japan coming
under this [music] Takahi super
majority.
>> We'll also get to the latest on the
election in Thailand. Bloomberg Insight
anchor Hen [music] has been in Bangkok
for us. does
>> and von preliminary results here show
Thailand's ruling conservative party is
set to triple its number of seats in
[music] the House of Representatives. It
is a resounding victory for Prime
Minister Anuin Chung Vira and marks the
first win for [music] a party aligned
with a royalist establishment. Later,
I'll be speaking with a head of the Thai
stock exchange to discuss the outcome
and how [music] it could impact
sentiment among investors hungry for
stability. That conversation and more
coming right up. Keep it here with us.
This [music] is Bloomback.
Right, we are set to open not just
higher, much higher. As you can see in
futures, we're better by about 1% on uh
both contracts in Singapore and also
here in Hong Kong. We are we should be
getting the fix today coming out soon.
We'll talk more about in a moment. The
big market story of course is really
early this week over in Japan and you'll
see why shortly uh with the nicke
we go topics is about 2 and a half% to
the upside and a stronger currency uh at
that or despite a stronger currency in
Japan. Of course, we're just trying to
unpack continuing to unpack the election
results over uh the weekend in in Japan
there.
>> Yeah, certainly that's one thing to
watch where, you know, the dollar yen
trade goes. I think most are thinking a
majority uh in terms of this landslide
victory could send dollar yen to 160. We
haven't seen that quite yet just now.
Joining us now from DC is William Cho,
senior fellow and deputy director of the
Hudson Institutees Japan chair. William,
it's great to have you back on the
program. Uh we talked about this this
election was really a referendum on
Takichi herself and her personality. Now
that she has secured this massive
mandate,
>> how is she going to lay out the vision?
Now
>> Prime Minister Takiichi, I think uh as
you point out, it has been a sort of a
personal mandate for her. I think she
won on the basis of uh her popularity,
her relatability, her policy
communication and her firmness on um
foreign policy issues. In terms of
direction, I think this provides an
opportunity for her to really implement
her economic and security policies uh
which are really designed towards
long-term sustainability for Japan
towards economic growth as well as uh
security uh policies that respond to the
changing geopolitical u realities of the
region. So, I think this is a long-term
play for her.
>> And William, wh why does it matter if it
was
it was a bigger win for her? It was a
big win for the party clearly, but why
does it matter if it was largely tied to
her and not the part? What does that
tell us about broader implications
moving forward?
>> Yeah. So, so I think for her, I mean,
look, she's always been um popular,
right? And she's always had support of
the LDP party base. uh the LDP itself is
a big tent party right and so you have
many different kinds of wings within the
party the the former prime minister uh
Ishiba is generally seen as from the
left wing of the party so I think one of
the challenges that the LDP has faced
since the uh passing of former prime
minister Abbe was essentially a question
of where is it going to go um and I
think Takichi's resounding victory uh
where she pulled I think 20 to 30%
higher than the LDP party itself gives a
party a clear direction of what the
voters want and how they are resonating
with her um economic and security policy
vision and it gives the party a clear
path of sort of like the these are the
things that we need to implement to uh
push push ahead for Japan long term.
uh a lot of fiscal sustainability
questions. I mean, how do you think
she's going to address them given the
fact that she's laid out that she wants
to cut, you know, food taxes and the
like here? Uh what is going to be the
sort of message she sends to to the bond
market, for example?
>> Yeah, I I think what for her it's uh
from her perspective, I think what she
would probably argue is that this is a
chance for her to really address sort of
the structural challenges that you face
within the Japanese economy, right?
things like uh um demographic issues as
well as sort of challenges towards
economic growth. She's giving she's
committing fully into this uh the 17
strategic sectors of economic investment
um and which is aimed at building
Japanese economic growth and resiliency.
This is likely to push a lot continue to
put a lot of pressure on bond markets
and also currency issues. That said, she
has said that she will try to ensure
that um all this is um all the stimulus
is done responsibly. uh we are yet to
see how that will play out. Um but I
think uh what you are likely to see is
some pressure on the bond markets and
also u softening of the currency
although that seems like uh that that
does not seem to be the case right now
in terms of the dollar yen trade. Uh but
I think what the takeaway there is also
the fact that uh her very uh large super
majority um victory ensures that there's
at least stability and consistency in
her economic policy going forward and
you're not going to see these constant
um wavering uh policies.
William, the a more assertive Japan now
that she has a stronger mandate. Uh how
does that show up in terms of foreign
policy particularly with w with with
China?
>> Sure. Uh so I wouldn't necessarily say
that she is going to like her her
victory means a more assertive Japan. I
think it will create a more decisive
Japan. Right. I think uh in terms of um
China, I think what this means is that I
I think China's effort to sort of their
gambit to essentially weaken her by
creating controversy over her remarks
over Taiwan uh failed, right? It
backfired into a lot of the popularity
that drove her electoral victory. Um I
think one thing that is important to
know is that even though China has
escalated since the November comments
with economic uh measures against Japan,
Taki has you know she has not backed
down but she also has not escalated the
situation. And so I think China is a
country that respects strength. her
clear political strength back at home
and likely a strong partnership with the
and her strong partnership with the
United States means that frankly going
forward I expect the the the the the
sort of the issue over Taiwan uh her
remarks over Taiwan to actually
deescalate [clears throat] over time
just because I think uh China's earlier
efforts to weaken her have backfired and
I think what you're likely to see is a
avenue towards deescalation
um going forward at least in terms of US
and I'm sorry in terms of Japan and
China.
>> Do you think she would actually even
attempt
>> to in any way to change the constitution
then because that would be extremely
unpopular with Beijing as well.
>> Yeah, I mean I think that's hard to say.
Uh I will note that even though she has
a supermajority uh in the lower house,
they do not her party and her coalition
partners do not have a supermajority in
the upper house and the next set of
upper house elections will not take
place until 2028. So
any any constitutional revision will
have to go through both houses. I think
given the scale of a magnitude of
challenges that she faces both in
economic terms as well as security
terms. My expectation is that she will
be focused on those problems right now
and she will not be focused on the
constitutional issues uh right now just
because I think uh there there's just
there's just too much work to do uh back
in Japan on economics and security and
as we know the prime minister does enjoy
work work.
Yeah, at least someone does. Um, not me.
Anyway, well, William, speaking of,
thank you for joining us on your Sunday.
I'm kidding, of course, to my bosses.
William Cho there, senior fellow. I work
hard, right, Ivon? Deputy director of
Hudson Institute, Japan, [laughter]
right? Um, 1.6% 27,000.
Uh, we're close to that on the Hing
Index. There is one [music] trading
debut to tell you about at least at this
point in time in Montage Montage Tech.
uh
168 uh the offering price was just under
107 107 10689
so it's up substantially suffice to say
uh more on that plus a preview of the
trading [music] session ahead this is
the China show
[music]
your agenda here today obviously we've
been tracking this rebound when it comes
to tech across the region and globally
here so now that we have seen officially
Actually HStech entered a bare market
last week. What does that mean for of
course the AI trade in China? Sectors
include crypto, metals and miners most
of which have recovered here in the last
couple hours or so. So certainly one to
watch whether this rebound bound goes
cross asset as well. Uh in terms of uh
quai watching that stock in particular
here uh there's also this ban on an
unapproved UN linked stable coin
issuance. We'll flesh that out a little
bit on what this means for the crypto
space here. Um, but there was also a
fine uh when it came to qua show, but
there's that montage tech debut, Jimmy
Lie sentencing that could be happening
in the next hour as well. Of course, I'm
still we're still waiting for some
credit data, Dave.
>> Yeah, lots to watch uh quite literally
when you look at the agenda today. And I
think one of the initial things we'll be
tracking is how long we remain in bare
market and hanging tech given the bounce
we're seeing already. In fact, in fact,
the charts coming up on your screen, do
we have that up? Um, anyway, we are
seeing a bounce today. We did enter bare
market at the close on Friday, but with
a 2% bounce, it does seem, of course,
we'll be putting that uh behind us uh
for now. There we go. On your screens,
it's that yellow line. Uh it's the green
line and you see on your screens. We
were down 20% from the October 2 low. Um
the opening [music] bell is coming up
next. The rally this Monday is upon us.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. The we're coming down to
the Monday open here. [music] Greater
China. As you can see, I think uh it's
worth pointing out that as we [music]
looked at weakness on price going into
the weekend, we did substantially
[music] get uh a lot more inflows coming
through from the mainland across the
stock connect. So 3 days of very strong
southbound [music] flows into Hong Kong.
Perhaps we are getting a bounce today uh
after we did enter bare market terrain
on the hanging tech index specifically.
>> Yeah. Is this enough to kind of lead to
some dip buying? Certainly that's one
thing to watch here. But that US session
on Friday and that tech rebound
certainly is lifting [music] most of the
region here today. So even Korea, Taiwan
are recovering quite well here. And of
course Japan doing its own thing after
that landslide victory uh with Takichi
over the weekend. So certainly there's
plenty of I guess good [music] news
right now. We'll see if this lasts right
as Mark Cutmore says he's worried about
this week whether this is more a
rotation or more now a de-risking sort
of thing that traders are looking at
here today. Could still be some choppy
waters in terms of the trading
environment for the next few days as
well to kind of wash out these key
themes here. But right now we are still
seeing onore markets doing quite well at
the open. We're up about 1% for the CSI
300 inching around that 4700 level here
once again. And we're watching of course
what goes on in Shenzhen continue to see
upside there about 1.3%. You're seeing
recovery in some of the metal space as
well. So copper is up some 2% here.
Steel and iron ore still in negative
territory. Uh the Shanghai crude is
catching a slight bid. We'll see how
gold we'll see how silver does here. But
yes, gold back to 5,000 is certainly a
good psychological sort of milestone as
well to watch out for just given the
whipsaw we've been seeing across
precious metals of late. Uh not much
movement here in terms of some of the
large caps here except for the likes of
Capricorn tech which we've seen kind of
local chip stocks really kind of be
weighed down by a lot of the Nvidia sort
of news of late. So certainly now we're
seeing a bit of upside there for
Capricorn. We're up some 2%. Let's see
how Hong Kong fares here as well. There
was some fines across some of the tech
space. We'll get you through that. But
right now we are seeing a sea a green in
Hong Kong. HStech. There you go. We're
up some 2% after of course and we
finally entered into that technical bare
market here. So looks like there is a
bit of people coming back in into this
market here. MCEI China though mind you
we're still lower by about 9/10 of 1%.
Uh which is interesting to see here that
the dichconomy that we're seeing across
that but yes property still catching a
bid here this morning. Uh we're still
trading around 693 for the currency but
most of the tech space is looking pretty
good right so bu Alibaba is up some 3%
or more. HSBC continues to be an up
arrow story. We're up close to 3% uh for
there. So that's really lifting the
financial space here once again. Uh
let's hit the boards and talk a little
bit more about Quao. Let's talk a little
bit more about Ningbo.
So this was a fine that the company had
to go through here uh given that they
had some misleading information uh when
it came to that deal with CL. So right
now the stock is up some close to 10%.
We're also watching Quai Show here. So
the government did slap a fine on the
company here when it came to
pornographic content uh on the platform.
Uh city came out saying look the the
amount of money that they're being fined
doesn't seem like it's that big of a
threat to their earnings to the whole
live streaming or e-commerce business.
They say for now those fines are
manageable. The stock is up some two and
a half% Dave.
>> Okay. Yeah. So two two fines and perhaps
the market takeaway there is things are
going to be fine fine after this
specific one. Uh just to recap some of
the big news of course that were the big
theme market themes this Monday. So you
have two elections and then the tech
rally that Ivon just laid out for us at
about the open. So Japan is doing its
own thing. Massive move there. We're
watching markets in Thailand as well
given of course elections there uh where
you have the prime minister claiming
victory uh in the country's general
elections. The win for his ruling uh
party may provide a boost for the
country's market and also the currency.
The set index has outperformed in
Southeast Asia year to date. I think
we're up 24% since the bottom of last
year specifically. And as you can see,
Southeast Asia has had some issues
specifically at the Philippines of
course and you know the issues for that
market late last year. And we've talked
about Indonesia at length recently given
of course the challenges there. Uh
broader context specifically on Thailand
and implications moving forward. Let's
get it over to Bangkok now and our
co-anchor Hinda Amen is there for us on
the ground. has
>> well Dave what a night what a win what a
surprise with 90% of the votes counted
we have Bungjai Thai party of course led
by Anuin uh set to garner 191 seats
that's tripled the number of seats they
garnered in the last election a surprise
a huge surprise and here's why it well
the the messaging resonated with the
people people who are pretty much you
know feeling the uh the pinch from the
high cost of living. They promised uh
subsidies, uh cash handouts. They
promised jobs in the rural areas. They
promised big investments in
infrastructure, in tourism sectors,
which are key to the economy here in
Thailand. What will that mean to all
investors? Will it bring back foreign
money into the country? That's a big
question. And here to talk all about it,
the SCT uh president Asad Kungiri joins
me this morning. Good Asad, good to have
you with us.
>> Hello. What do you make of this big
surprise for this election?
>> Well, I look at it positively. Um,
because ultimately we're we're looking
for stability and continuity in how our
country is run. And hopefully this
result will will at least make it easier
um to form a government and make it a
stronger and stable, more stable
government as well because ultimately
what we're looking for is continuity. Uh
the
the consistent comment that I've had
from international investors in the past
about Thailand is that we've got so much
potential. Um but and and all the
policies [music] that have been
announced by prior governments has
always been great, but when's the
execution? So ultimately, if stability
comes along and execution can happen, um
we're we're looking at at it positively.
Can the results can the new coalition
fundamentally materially change the
sentiment among foreign investors? We
talk about stability, but we're also
looking for structural change that would
boost the economy currently growing at
the slower pace in Southeast Asia.
>> Correct. Because fundamentally that
that's that's the bottom line, right?
How can we grow um how how can we reach
our potential? I think at least from the
economic team of the Pumja Thai party
over the past four or five months,
they've shown a a good balance between
short-term stimulus and and as well as
looking at for the long-term structural
changes that are required. Um I think
both the commerce ministry and the
finance ministry have done a great job
in in terms of co coordinating
themselves um and looking to build a
stronger platform for the Thai economy
in the future. What kind of flows are
you seeing right now? I mean some say
that perhaps the results have been
priced in not fully but priced in that
stability will come back to the country.
How much what kind of flows are you
seeing especially from the international
community?
>> Well gladly to say that since since the
end of December and through January
we've we've seen positive inflows from
international investor.
>> Quantify that
>> it's around uh the tie number is around
10 billion B. So probably about three is
it 3 billion or uh 10 billion B let's
say you can exchange rate later because
the exchange rate is another issue we
have to [laughter] we could talk about
as well. Um but it's it's been a
positive flow. So it's it's been um a
push on the market. It's encouraged
retail investors to also participate
more um in in at least in January. what
is the SEC doing to encourage uh more
investments in the country uh a bigger
play uh in the stock exchange here?
>> Yeah, so it it comes down as I mentioned
fundamentals. How how do we push growth
growth in earnings, growth in returns on
equity? Um so one of one of the big
major programs that we launched mid last
year is called Jump Plus. So effectively
the same as value up program in in Japan
and Korea. Similar but but adjusted for
the Thai context. We've got 114
companies um signed up already. So we're
hoping to the growth plans under these
this program will slowly be disseminated
communicated to invested community over
the next 2 three quarters. Um we still
have room for people to join. We're
looking for the larger companies to join
the program as well. And hopefully
>> are there goals?
>> They they will have set goals. So
effectively they need to formulate a
three-year plan, investment plan and
what they look to achieve out of those
investment plans in terms of real
measurable numbers whether it's be ROE
or increases in in bottom line and so on
and this will be communicated to
investors as well and we'll be keeping
track of it we'll be communicating I
think they're required to communicate
progress um every quarter so we'll see
hopefully the the a the stronger more
stable government will encourage
enourage more people to join the program
and more at least be brave in terms of
investing.
>> Could ask that I want to take a look at
the IPO market. It wasn't that long ago
that um Thailand was actually a front
runner. It's now a lag guard. What's the
outlook for the IPOs in 2026?
>> It's relatively stable compared to last
year. So, it's still still relatively
down um from the pipeline that we've
seen at the moment and for for natural
reasons, right? um pees are low. Uh the
uncertainties both in Thailand and
outside of Thailand causes people to at
least stop and think about investments
um and and the fund funds that they want
to raise to invest. So things are
looking up with with with this result in
in the election um with the number of
people joining the jump up program. I
think general sentiment will be better
and will ultimately help the IPO process
or IPO. how many IPOs, how big might
these IPOs be? Is there a target by the
end of 2026?
>> We we don't actually have a quantitative
target. Um ultimately, it's been a
balancing act in Thailand over the last
3 four years between quantity and
quality. Um at least from our
perspective, we we focus on quality. The
numbers are up and floating around at
the moment. It's tough to say. People
are hesitant. People have delayed their
processes since the end of last year.
Um, so we'll have to regroup and see
what the real numbers will be this year.
>> How tough is to sell? Valuations are so
low and a lot of the IPOs that have
taken place in Thailand, the the stocks
have barely done better than their
debut. I mean, what concerns are are you
hearing from potential companies wanting
to IPO in the country? Well,
unfortunately, the last quarter of of
2025,
many of the IPOs were the smaller IPOs
that have been placed. So, we're looking
at structurally how those IPOs are
distributed. Um, I think the majority of
smaller IPOs, obviously, the
institutional investors, especially
international ones, are not in there.
It's just too small for them. So when it
when it's disseminated
um majority to retail investors, the
sentiment can be triggered quite
quickly. Um so we're we're talking to to
the investment bankers and the SEC in
terms of structurally how can we
reallocate or allow a bit more
flexibility in terms of allocation to
ensure that there's a a stronger and
more long-term investor base at the
IPOs. How are you positioning Thailand
in the context of Southeast Asia.
Malaysia, for instance, has become quite
an attractive market for IPOs.
>> Well, I think we're we're going to be
doing a lot of road shows this year. So,
with this government or hopefully the
government that's coming along um led by
Pum Jay Thai uh ever since last year
already, we've been on road shows a
couple of road shows with them and and
that they're positive for the capital
market. They're supportive of the
capital market. there were programs in
place that unfortunately wasn't launched
because of the the dissolution of
parliament. So for example for the TISA
TISA the individual savings account
program um if Puma Taya comes back in
and and leads the economic team
hopefully these programs will be
launched very quickly and then we'll
have a story to go to the market
[laughter] and sell to people
>> and then you'll come back for an
interview with us. I could ask that you
alluded to monetary policy which is you
said a story on its own. Uh what do you
see the Bank of Thailand do it. What
does it need to do to help support the
economy?
>> I think from what we've heard of the the
the current governor of the Bank of
Thailand, they're looking to be have a
bigger role. So it's not just interest
rates anymore. They they need to be part
um of helping the economy grow. And
that's that's that's a positive or a
nice shift in perspective that we're
here. And I'll actually be having lunch
with the or our team will have be having
lunch with their team um shortly this
month later this month to discuss where
we can help each other um encourage and
help the economy grow at a at a faster
pace as well.
>> It is interesting to see how strong the
Thai bot has been despite uh growth
being legal. uh is that a concern
because they're impinging on uh exports
of the country?
>> What we've heard at least from my
perspective what we've heard from the
international brokers who obviously
speak to their international clients is
that's been a bit of a a sort of a
ceiling um a limitation. So there are
concerns that if they come back into the
Thai market and the Thai bart weakens uh
it could be it's seen as a risk to be to
be honest. Um the other perspective that
we look at it is from our listed
companies. Obviously Thailand is so
quite dependent on exports. Um so the
the I wouldn't call it unnaturally or
possibly unnatural strength of the Thai
but um does have an impact on
performances of many of our companies
listed.
>> And of course Thailand relies a lot on
the US market. It has been imposed with
19% tariffs. I'm just wondering how
closely are you watching uh the change
the transition of uh the top man at the
Fed. How sensitive is Thailand to that?
>> Um
it has an impact around the world
obviously who where the US policies go
along and Thailand as a relatively small
economy is is probably less impacted. um
it will obviously have um issues on fund
flows, an impact on fund flows, but you
mentioned tariffs. I think that's that's
the bigger um issue of concern at least
from a local perspective. If we can get
the reciprocal tariffs um clarified, it
will give us or put us in a quite a
strong position to know where to invest
and compete with the rest of the world.
>> Kadet always good to have you with us.
That was Kun Asadet Conseri
Exchange of Thailand expressing optimism
that perhaps foreign investors will now
make a U-turn and start investing in the
country. Von back to you has great
interview there and of course our thanks
to the stock exchange of Thailand
president there for that insightful
conversation and we have more on the
Thai election coming up. We get further
insights [music] into possible coalition
partnerships and their implications with
Chongorn [music] University. This is
Bloomberg
[music]
>> Bryce. Uh just a look at broader rally
across risk assets today. So there's
Japan and there's tech and obviously the
combination between the two. Hangen tech
coming up bottom of your screens coming
out of the bare market early, but we're
also coming off highs fairly quickly on
the Hen tech gauge. There we go. M yeah
certainly that's going to be a key thing
to watch how long lasting these moves
are going to be now that we have seen a
bit of a recovery underway here maybe
some more stability as well. Uh let's
talk a little bit more about some of the
news coming out of China as well. The
central bank has extended its gold
buying streak to 15 months [music] even
as bullion's record-breaking rally was
curved last month by a sharp sell-off.
Now data showing the PBOC's holdings
[music] rose last month by 40,000 tro.
US Treasury Secretary Scott Besson has
blamed Chinese traders [music] for last
week's wild swings in the gold market.
>> The gold move thing things have gotten a
[music] little unruly in in China.
They're having to tighten margin
requirements. So, you know, the gold
looks to me kind of like a classical
[music]
speculative below all
>> China has [music] tightened controls on
cryptocurrencies. Regulators are barring
domestic entities from issuing digital
tokens overseas [music]
and also betting offshore issuance of
yen link stable coins without approval.
Authorities say the rules protect
monetary [music] sovereignty and stress
that cryptocurrencies have no legal
status in China. And Chinese [music]
regulators have fined video platform
quai $17 million after pornographic
content overwhelmed parts of its
platform [music] last December.
Beijing's internet watchdog says the
company failed to stop illegal material
in a timely manner. Quaiou blamed cyber
attacks [music] for the breach,
apologized publicly, and says it has
completed a review of security, [music]
risk controls, and internal management.
>> Right. We're also tracking the Jimmy Li
story today. He is facing sentencing at
the high courts uh in landmark national
security case. and lie of course was
found guilty back in December on all
charges and could face life in prison.
Uh our China correspondent Minman Low is
at the courts in in West Call for us to
give us a sense of what the atmosphere
is like Minman outside there and what
should we expect from the sentencing
that that process of course we'll find
out in a couple of minutes.
>> Yes, David, there was a sense of a
somber mood here as I was walking
outside the courthouse this morning.
There was a long line of people waiting
to enter the courthouse. Many of them
camping overnight or even over the
weekend. Some of them have been here
since Friday afternoon just hours after
the announcement of the timing of the
sentencing had been released. And
security as well had been tighter than
usual. We are seeing police presence
that is even heavier than the last times
I had been here to cover the uh trial as
well as the verdict. And I saw police
officers uh sort of moving reporters
away, telling them not to loiter in the
sidewalks as they take photos or talk to
some of the supporters here. So very uh
tight security presence here. A lot of
attention on this case because of course
Jimmy Lie has been one of the most
infamous uh sort of democracy activists
that is being charged under the national
security law. He's now convicted of one
count of publishing sedicious material
under a colonial era law that carries a
max maximum sentence of two years. But
he also is convicted of two counts of
collusion under the national security
law and those have a maximum sentence of
life in prison and even uh the minimum
sentence for a grave offense would be
about 10 years in prison. And bear in
mind this is a man who is 78 years old.
So even a 20, 30 years sentence would
potentially be life in prison for him.
And we know that his daughter Cla has
been lobbing US lawmakers, calling for
his release. His lawyers as well at the
mitigation hearing last month had been
calling for a lighter sentence, citing
his ill age and o health. His daughter
says he suffers from heart palpitation,
from high blood pressure. He has lost
weight as well. And we'll see how the
judges uh hand down the ruling later,
the sentence later.
And men, what sort of international
reaction do we expect here from from
governments or or even rights groups?
>> Yes, this is seen as really a test of
just how far the reach reach is for the
national security law and there's been a
lot of international attention.
President Trump has been a key figure in
calling for the release of Jimmy Li. He
raised this with President Xi when he
met him in South Korea uh last year and
we know this is an ongoing conversation
according to the US ambassador David
Peru. So we will be closely watching how
those talks progress especially as
President Trump is set to visit Beijing
in April whether there would be some
form of you know mitigation coming from
the Chinese government uh by that time.
That's something to closely watch. Of
course, other uh leaders, the UK prime
minister, the Canadian prime minister
has also been calling for his release as
well.
>> All right, Mman, thank you. Minlo there
as we await, of course, the sentencing
uh there at the top court. And coming
up, we're going to talk more about
Thailand, the election outcomes, and
we're speaking with Chilangor [music]
University's Tetan Pudra on the policy's
outlook and this [music] will be of
course at the times on your screen. This
is Bloomberg.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Right. Uh we're seeing a big tech bounce
across uh some of the big names here in
Hong Kong as you can see 2% to the
upside. Uh a lot of this also has to do
with the fact that [music] the
tailwind's coming through out of that
Nvidia bounce on Friday. Um and that's
playing out across Asian chip makers are
concerned showing up on your screens
very [music] very uh shortly. Chinese
chip as well. Chinese chips. There we
go. Uh on your screens, right? Uh the
benchmarks coming up on your screens as
well. We are coming off the bare [music]
market terrain, pulling back from that
brink on the Hangen tech index. Although
we're coming off highs [music] of the
day, Japan is of course in focus.
Massive move in the equity markets
there. Yep. And of course, if you are a
Bloomberg subscriber, make sure to tune
in to our live Q&A that's happening
right now on of course Japan [music] and
Takahi's election victory. What does it
mean for the country? What does it mean
for global markets? Our very own Asia
Trade co-anchor Sheran is [music]
hosting right now. Terminal clients and
digital subscribers are invited to sign
in and ask our team plenty of questions.
We have a lot more on the next hour.
You're watching the China Show. [music]
[music]
Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. Happy Monday, guys. [music] It
looks like things are looking a little
bit better in terms of risk here this
morning. We're back, you know, above key
levels [music] here when it comes to
gold prices, back above 5,000. Uh HS
Tech is catching a bid here after
falling into a bare market last week
here. And the hanging is getting closer
to that 27,000 level. So, has the dust
settled? Not quite sure yet. After that,
you know, fresh butt of volatility that
really gripped markets and tech last
week. Uh we're still kind of licking our
wounds in some ways as well. So, but
then again, there are some tailwinds,
right? Especially what you're seeing in
Japan. You have Thailand as well, and
you're seeing at least those governments
showing signs of stability.
>> Yeah. No big surprise as far as some of
the tail risks on those elections are
concerned. I think it was a known uh uh
known known anyway as far as Japan is
concerned. I think the landslide to
which he was able to to to deliver that
victory really showing up in markets
today uh quite substantially. And if it
it's very hard to also distill the
reaction in Japan from the broader tech
rally, right? So I think when you look
at the NIK for example, I think it's
Adventest which is a tech tech play and
of course a Japan play leading the gains
there. Uh on top of that, Thailand of
course will get to that market of course
later on top of the next hour and yeah
like the this massive meltdown in
markets which I missed on Thursday
quickly reversed on Friday. It's as if I
I woke up and I was looking at
>> why does this keep happening? Every time
you take a holiday, something massive
happens to markets. I have to say, I
think you're the curse or something. I
don't know.
>> Um, don't let David take a break,
basically.
>> It's a leading indicator actually. Every
time I [laughter] book a ticket, it's
probably a good here on the China show
when I'm left kind of alone. Um but yes
no in terms of market check yes there
seems to be some sort of at least
optimism around you know not just Japan
but really you're starting to see even
the ones that are very you know
sensitive to the whole global AI trade
like Korea like Taiwan that are
recovering look at the Cosby we're up
some 4% here right now US futures are
also punching a bit higher this morning
here but you know what else do you have
on your radar there
>> apart from that you know what's
interesting is I think on the AI story
right it's the the way that markets have
shifted their stance on big capex
numbers. they used to
>> um
>> used to be positive
>> you know geniflect in the in the
presence of a massive capex number and I
think what we're seeing is completely
the opposite and markets reacting quite
negatively uh to but what's interesting
too is what what what would that mean
for the AI infrastructure plays in the
Asia Pacific that are tied to the US
story as that rotation gains theme
because we're not seeing that so far as
far as the Korean markets are concerned
right we're 4% there but yeah some of
the things I think we'll we'll track
going into our conversation shortly with
with Tim Mo. But just to also mention
that of obviously the top story is in
Japan and how do we as far as sector
groups are concerned that Japan Japanese
banks are underperforming and is that a
reflection of markets uh sort of uh
anticipating the BOJ not being able to
hike interest rates as much given the
sort of pro fiscal stimulus plans that
now Takai might be able to introduce to
the economy which I mean net net is
going to be good for the economy anyway.
It's where the push is going to come
from.
>> Yeah. And I think what what surprises me
I mean I'm not surprised that stocks are
reacting this way. I'm I'm surprised
what's going on with dollar yen. I think
there was so much concern if it was a
direct majority of the LDP which we saw
right landslide 2/3 majority. And
Japanese yen is still trading around 156
levels. Some say we were going to see it
catapult to 160 and then the whole
intervention risk sort of story comes
back. We're not quite seeing that here
today. Mark Core did say look at more of
the pairs than really just dollar yen
the trade itself. That is one thing to
watch but you are seeing you know in
terms of JGB yields are ticking higher
here potentially on maybe you know
whether the BOJ that's certainly going
to be one question but really about the
fiscal sustainability sort of concerns
too as well. So the Japanese tenure
yield is up some four basis points. The
30-year yield though is actually heading
lower this morning. Joining us now from
Singapore is Goldman Sachs is chief APAC
regional equity strategist Tim Mo. Tim
it's always great to have you. Let's
start on Japan. This Takiichi trade, how
much longer can it go?
Well, history would suggest it still can
go farther. So, our Japanese economists
and strategists have fresh research out
overnight on this. And I think really
the key point from an equity market
perspective is that this is number one a
resounding supermajority for the LDP.
And if you compare that with previous
significant election results uh which is
when the LDP won 62% in 2005 and 61% in
2012 those are Koisumi and a election
respectively. Uh this one to
contextualize it is 68% for Takiichi. So
it's really an outstanding result. Um if
you look at market performance u as
Bruce Kirk our Japan strategist has
noted in his piece uh this morning that
uh topic was up 60 days after the those
respective results was up 23% in 2005
and 31% in 2012. Uh now there were some
slightly different market conditions
then the starting level valuation levels
were lower. So you can't just
automatically map those those those
results onto the current situation but
it certainly suggests that from an
historical standpoint that the market
can can do better. Um and I think under
the surface uh areas that we like I
think have received uh further support
and that would be in particular areas
our national security and economic
security that would be defense critical
resources uh ship building uh power
resources and then some of the small and
midcaps uh which should be beneficiaries
of some of Takichi's plans. you know
markets obviously trading that well but
we think there's still further to go
>> right and from an earnings perspective
as far as the the domestic economy is
concerned Tim is is that of of relevance
to to Goldman Sachs now
>> uh absolutely I mean at the end of the
day markets are driven by earnings and
valuation change valuations coming into
this are at the high end of the range so
if we're going to uh we need to be
arguing for higher kind of range of
valuations compared to what we've been
in for the past a decade or or or two
decades. Put numbers on that. Uh we're
trading roughly at 16 16 and a half
times Ford earnings right now and that's
really up at the top end of where we
were during the Abby and Koisumi uh
booms that we saw. Um so earnings uh
we've we've actually raised slightly our
numbers about 3 weeks or so ago when we
ranged our topics target from 3600 3900.
Uh we're looking about 11% earnings
growth for this year and next and that
was factoring in a somewhat weaker yen.
Uh Ivonne was mentioning that in her
previous comments that um uh the the yen
uh could weaken on the back of this even
though today it's actually slightly
strengthened a little bit. We think that
the that the risk around this in terms
of the key asset classes would be equity
stronger you know bond yield somewhat
somewhat higher i.e. bond prices lower
and then currency lower. I think that's
kind of what the market is is grappling
with right now. Uh from an earnings
perspective when the end is weaker that
gives you a bit of a tailwind to
earnings. The rough metric that we use
is about every 10 point move in US
dollar Japanese yen on a one-year
average basis maps down to about 4%
better earnings growth. So uh with the
yen having weakened somewhat this year
if it stays in that sort of range uh
then that gave us the 2 3% uplift that
we factored into our numbers previously.
So I think to have better earnings from
here we'd need to see um you know either
you know stronger underlying nominal
growth and or policy support which would
drive some of the sectors which I
previously mentioned particularly around
national security and economic security.
We need to see that come through in
order to raise earnings meaningfully
from here.
>> Tim, yeah you said you know the yen
impact could actually be positive for
equities. What about when it comes to
you know this meltup in JGBs? We haven't
seen quite an impact yet. But at what
point do do higher JGB yields weigh on
the equity market, especially given that
Japan is is not really immune to this
angst that we're seeing around the whole
AI's capex buildout here and how it
actually impacts the supply chain,
>> right? I think let's just sort of sep
separate those. I I I do think we need
to be aware that the bond market and the
currency markets are likely to be you
might call them sort of homeostatic uh
equilibrating forces. So if the equity
market is really pricing in very strong
fiscal stimulus
which would then result in better
earnings and and and better growth which
might result in higher valuations. The
the the the the dampening force on that
would be the bond market saying hang on
we don't have as much fiscal space to
allow that. um and that might get priced
in and if there's any uh perhaps a
moderation of significant rises in
yields perhaps by some intervention then
I think the currency would be the
release valve which would take that and
then if there's further weakening in the
currency then that could also flow back
into how the how the BOJ might might act
and might add upside risk to the two
hikes that we're expecting this year we
might be able to get perhaps you know
perhaps three um so I I think there's
this kind of feedback mechanism between
those three key asset classes as I was
mentioning and that might be somewhat of
a dampener on either how much latitude
um uh Prime Minister uh Takichi would
have in terms of fiscal stimulus or it
might be uh something that would
restrain um the equity market valuation
if we saw significant uh moves in the
bond and and the FX market. So I think
that that's sort of the the path that we
have to navigate but I want to be clear
that I think that you know this result
certainly is equity market constructive.
Okay, we'll have more with Tim Mo in a
in a moment there. Just a broader
conversation really what happened last
week, that massive fracturing in the
markets and then sort of the healing
that took place over the weekend. Tim Mo
will be joining us, rejoining us in a
couple of minutes. Some breaking news
coming through here out of Hong Kong.
Jimmy Lie getting a 20-year prison
sentence uh in the security case. Let's
bring in Minman Lo, who's standing by
for us at the courts. Our China
correspondent is with us right now.
Minman, what can you tell us?
Yeah, it was a very swift proceeding
lasting less than 10 minutes. The judge
esto coming in asking everyone to
observe the decorum of the courtroom.
Anyone who disrupts the proceedings will
be asked to leave. Uh and she said that
the entire sentencing is about 47 pages
long. The document will be uploaded to
the judicial website in about 20 minutes
from now. She read out some of the key
conclusions and Jimmy Lie has been
sentenced to 20 years in prison in total
of which 18 years would be served
consecutively and this is of course for
the three counts that he had been
charged with. One count of publishing
sedicious material which is under a
colonial era law and he had also been
found guilty of two counts of collusion
with foreign forces under the national
security law. a total of 20 years in
prison. But again, for a man who is now
78 years old, 20 years could be possibly
equivalent to life in prison for him.
>> And and Mman, just tell us a bit more
about the implications of all this in
this case. Now obviously when it comes
to a lot of questions about you know how
how are they going to in in some ways uh
look at these cases once again when it
comes to collusion when it comes to
sedition you know what are the
implications you think
>> well obviously this is a high-profile
case that is sending a warning message
in some ways as well to the rest of Hong
Kong citizens here in Hong Kong that
China will not tolerate any form of
subversion Right. Uh but it's
interesting because the uh potential
sentence could have been up to life in
prison. So Jimmy Lie didn't get the
maximum sentence that he could have
gotten. But again, considering his old
age, 20 years is not a light sentence as
well. Uh and the implications here of
course we had already seen a lot of
changes in the city the dismantling of
civil civil society organizations uh
activists seizing some of their
activities many former opposition
lawmakers that has been arrested and
Jimmy Lie now of course one of the um
most well-known cases that has gotten a
lot of international attention. And I
think what we want to look ahead to is
whether or not the international
community will be successful in lobbying
the Chinese government to perhaps
lighten his sentence even further down
the road. Right? We know President Trump
is going to visit Beijing in April and
meet with President Xi. David Peru, the
US ambassador had said that this is an
ongoing conversation with China. They
have been trying to secure the release
of Jimmy Lai. Whether or not all that
lobbying will be successful is something
that we'll keep looking out for.
>> M. Thank you, Mim Lo there with the
latest when it comes to the sentencing.
Again, Jai getting 20-year prison
sentence in this national security case.
We have plenty more coming up. This is
Bloomberg,
[music]
right? Market reaction, initial take
this week. Of course, you have elections
in Japan plus the everything else that's
been going well for for Korea. 4 and
a.5% on the Cosby index. Still with us
is Tim Mo, chief APAC, regional equity
strategist at at Goldman Sachs. Tim, how
do you look at a market like Korea you
against the backdrop of this, I guess,
rotation out of the big AI winners in
the US? Um, you know, a market that's
effectively more than doubled in price.
How do you play and why do you think
it's happening?
Okay. So,
there's a lot in those questions there,
David. Um, a a few things. One, just to
be clear, we've been positive in Korea
and remain so. We're overweight. It's
one of our top markets. And I think
really the the the the narrative here is
that not the whole story for Korea but
obviously a significant part of it is
this memory super cycle that we're in
which has very positive effects on uh
40% of the index which of course is
Samsung and he um there are other
aspects to Gree as well defense theme
construction biotech ship building
variety of other themes um as well as
value up which we can talk about but
clearly what's driving the significant
change in earnings expectations is the
memory cycle. Uh our semiconductor
analysts have just published an update
on their global expectations and outlook
for DRM and NAND. And the key point here
to understand is that we have a record
supply shortfall globally in both DRAM
and NAND. And that's if you go back, you
know, 15 or more years um in in in sort
of the modern uh cycle, this is the
steepest shortfall that we've seen. And
the important point here is to connect
that with the operating fundamentals of
the semiconductor industry, which are
that it's it's got the highest operating
leverage of pretty much any industry
given the high ticket size of of of each
incremental fab. And what that means is
when you've got that supply shortfall,
you've got very significant pricing
power. And the pricing power falls to
the bottom line in a magnified way.
Consensus earnings for Korea have gone
from about uh 25 30% maybe six months
ago for 2026 25 30% growth to now over
100% growth. Um and we've
correspondingly raised our numbers as
well. What that means that even though
the market this year is up over 20% 25%
as as of uh today's uh plus 4% move uh
the forward multiple for the market has
actually gone down and as of Friday's
close we're trading at 8.3 times forward
earnings if you include today you know
sort of 8.7 maybe um and these are very
reasonable numbers in absolute terms and
relative to the market's historical
trading range. So since we think that
this will be an extended cycle, not your
garden variety one, but one that lasts
longer and is stronger for a variety of
of of reasons, but really around the
deployment and the compute power
required for uh diffusing AI out into
the broader economy, coupled with the
fact that it's hard to have an immediate
supply response in terms of building
advanced fabs and some other technical
aspects having to do with rising
proportion of high bandwidth memory
compared to total memory. um that sets
us up for a cycle which we think will
extend longer than your typical one and
that suggests that the market can Korean
market can actually do do well as well.
And then the final thing I'll just
mention is to add on top of that number
one that foreign positioning is still
fairly conservative. In fact, foreigners
up until last week had actually slightly
net sold Korea this year. Um and number
two, we still have all the positive
corporate governance advances that are
taking place which can argue for an
increase in the overall valuation of the
market beyond what it's historical
trading range has been. In other words,
closing that historical Korean uh
valuation discount to the rest of the
region. So we think that the ingredients
of earnings growth, you know, modest
valuations, um, light foreign
positioning and additional Korea
specific catalyst still argue for a
constructive view on the market which we
which we have.
>> Okay, we get that. Um, and really in
some ways markets like Korea and Taiwan
should be actually benefiting from when
I hear in hyperscaler in in the US talk
about hundreds of billions of dollars of
of AI capex buildup. But that's not the
case right now, Tim. it seems like
they're just equally vulnerable to what
happens with with with US uh tech
selloffs and and really global I don't
know the narrative right I'm just
wondering you know how vulnerable do you
think these markets are to what happens
in the US
it's a terrific question and it is is
the central one and the answer is from a
sentiment standpoint of course as we saw
late last week they're vulnerable and
anytime a market goes up you know 100%
last year or was up 90% in dollar terms
for MSI Korea last year and up another
you know 20 25% this you're going to get
uh spiky pullbacks. I mean, we saw a 10%
correction in the market in the early in
the fourth quarter last year and a
number of people got, you know, shaken
out of the market at that point and
since then we're up, you know, another
30, you know, plus percent uh from that
from that level. So, you you're going to
get these kind of pullbacks. Um the key
point I'd make is that the as long as
that hyperscaler spending persists which
we think is clearly the case for this
year and well into 2027 even though the
US market may be getting concerned about
the return on equity for the
hyperscalers
return on that investment which is why
not all the increases that have been
announced in capex uh by the likes of
Microsoft and Google and so forth are
being met with share price gains. As
long as that spending persists, it's
still very positive fundamentally for
the upstream providers into that which
would be particularly the North Asian
Korean and Taiwan uh semiconductor
manufacturers and obvious of course TMC
and and FABS in in uh Taiwan. So um
maybe the slightly real politic or maybe
pragmatic view here is that
the in the longer run the it may it may
it could prove I'm not saying this is a
forecast but but it could be that all
this spending comes to n in terms of
having not not having sufficient return
on it to justify the expenditure that
the US hyperscalers are are making but
in the meantime it's very very bullish
for the upstream semiconductor
manufacturers And as long as that
spending continues into 2027 and
arguably into 2028, I think in in in the
first quarter of 2026, it's too early to
sell the the Asian suppliers into that.
That that that would really be our kind
of our our pragmatic take.
>> Tim, just a final thought on what we we
spoke with Ker, of course, your
colleague last week, but just your
thoughts on
when do you think this Chinese tech
market reverses higher and what do you
think is behind the recent weakness?
I think that some of the weakness
relates to the spillover from concerns
in semiconductors. Sorry, pardon me. In
terms of software in the US um because
the story the narrative on China is
basically it's that that the China AI
play is more uh software oriented the
the ecosystems for example of Alibaba
and Tencent. Uh then there's the
so-called physical AI aspect which is
imbuing robotics AI things and so forth
with with artificial intelligence. um uh
but but the strongest fundamental
aspects that we just been saying has
been the so-called hard techch which has
been the the the semiconductor areas. So
I think that that what can partially
explain what's been going on in China is
that you've had concerns about the
introduction of cloud code and other
advanced uh programs which have raised
concerns over uh software uh related
longerterm earning streams and I think
that's been mapped onto the pricing
action uh in China in some cases or I I
think inappropriately so because the
ecosystems that Alibab and Tensson have
are not just purely driven by selling
software. It's really by being able to
monetize through application of AI a
larger ecosystem of services and
products that I think will not be as
easily disrupted as maybe the pure
software players. Uh the risk on that is
in the US. So bottom line here is that
we think that that selloff has been
overdone. We think these are very high
quality companies. We think they can
regain upward upper traction and as
Kraer has mentioned on previous shows
and as I'll reiterate now we're
overweight on China both A&H and think
that there that this is actually a
pretty good entry point.
>> Tim great to have you as always. Tim Mo
there chief Apac regional equity
strategist at Goldman Sachs joining us
out of Singapore. We'll bring you back
to those live pictures out in Hong Kong
after just moments ago uh we did get
that sentencing of Jimmy Lie the media
mogul getting a 20-year prison sentence.
This is the heaviest penalty ever under
this Beijing imposed national security
law. As you can see, a pretty crowded
and rowdy sort of crowd outside here
right now. We're going to get John Burns
from the University of Hong Kong to tell
us a little bit more about what this all
means moving forward. This is Blueberg,
>> right? Uh a couple of well, two stocks
we're [music] tracking here. KDI over in
Japan plunging by the most in almost 6
years. This fictitious [music]
um fake sales accounts uh and so probes
into that sinking uh the shares were
down about 8%. Their soft banks going uh
I believe the [music] opposite way up as
much as 8 1/2%. Uh that's the most
[music] get this in in just several
days. Just give you an indication really
of how good things have been there for
Soft Bank. Uh yeah I mean broadly
speaking it's a chip rally story. It's a
tech rally story. It's an election
[music] related story. We put everything
together. We're up four or five% in AK
going into the lunch break.
[music] It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo.
Japanese markets are heading to that
lunch break in just a moment. And yeah,
what a day really on the back of that
landslide victory for Prime Minister Sai
Takahichi with that historic election
win here and really positioning her as a
nation's strongest leader in the
post-war era. Japanese stocks are
certainly liking that. We're up about 4
and a.5% here. Uh the topics is also up
2%. Uh dollar yen, you actually have
seen a bit of strength when it comes to
yen. Uh most are expecting things to
weaken further, but we're at 156 157
levels right now. Perhaps that has been
priced in. But yes, JGB yields though
are still ticking slightly higher by
four basis points for your Japanese
10-year yield.
>> Yeah, I think Mark Cutmer had a very
good comment earlier on, right? Like why
isn't the yen at one dollar yen
specifically at 160. He said you look at
the pairs instead of this specific
specific metric as a gauge I guess of
where the yen should be weakening toward
at this point in time. And I think when
you when you look at it from a you know
a reflationary perspective you know why
are Japanese assets reflating today
whether that's this meltup in yields
which have been melting up this
obviously repricing of a known known in
Japan which is the equity market. It
certainly does point a stronger mandate
that the market is adjusting to uh this
this Monday morning. Uh the other big
news of course in the last few minutes
or so, Jimmy Lie getting a 20-year
prison sentence here uh in Hong Kong,
fairly uh lively scenes uh outside the
courthouse a few minutes back which we
showed you. In fact, Minlo, our China
correspondent is there with us on the
ground at the court in West Kun to give
us uh just more context in terms of
reaction what the mood is like post this
announcement. amendment.
>> Yes. Post the announcement, we just saw
the wife of Jimai Theresa walking out of
the courthouse along with Cardinal
Joseph Zen. And when they walked out, a
bunch of journalists and cameramen
rushed forward trying to interview them
and the police immediately sort of
intervened just crowded around them
escorting them and a whole big crowd of
police putting their hands on each
other's shoulders to sort of blockade
them. uh and we I was following the
scram all the way until the end of the
road and then uh we were not allowed to
stand on the road. So we were pretty
much prevented from uh talking to to
them. So a big crowd of people the
police was a loudspeaker constantly
repeating the message please move
forward do not linger. Uh so clearly a
very heavy security presence here uh to
I guess protect the people that were
coming out of the courtroom and prevent
journalists from uh getting too close or
asking too many questions. Uh and of
course it's a somber day for many of
these supporters who queued and camped
over the weekend since last Friday
outside this courthouse trying to go
inside to witness the proceeding today.
It was an extremely quick affair. Just
about less than 15 minutes and the
proceeding was over. Jimmy Li got those
20 years in prison for colluding with
foreign force for forces. Two counts of
that and publishing sedicious material.
One count of that that is under a
colonial era law. 18 of those years will
be served uh cons um will be served in
tandem. Uh and he is now 78 years old.
So 20 years later he would be 98. uh and
uh it's pretty much potentially going to
be life in prison for men of that age.
>> M thank you. M low there giving us the
latest uh from West Cowoon as she
mentioned there uh quite a busy scene
there after of course this sentencing
for more of course with this. Let's
bring in John Burns ameritus professor
and honorary professor at the University
of Hong Kong. John, uh your reaction
after you're hearing this 20-year
sentence?
>> Oh, not a surprise at all. I mean, I
expected him to get something like that,
15 to 20 years. It could have been
longer, of course, but for a person his
age, a 20ear sentence is effectively a
life sentence. I mean, he'll be 98 by
the time the um the sentence is up. He
will not get remission for good behavior
or anything like that. So, not a
surprise.
the message you think it sends as far as
from the legal perspective is concerned
and also could be a separate question to
the business community.
>> Yes. So the message I think is that
national security is being taken very
seriously by China and by the Hong Kong
government and the Hong Kong judiciary.
And so uh the other thing is if we look
at the Jim Jimmy Lie case, relatively
few people have been charged with this
crime of going to Western politicians
and encouraging them to interfere in
Hong Kong or China or sanction our
leaders or things like that. Very few.
And so it is not the big significant
case I would say for national security.
We've seen much more significant cases
such as those that have uh Stan news the
focused on the media or those that have
focused on a much larger group of
political opponents such as the 47
primary election case. These are much
more significant. They were the ones
that established the red lines about
sedition, subversion, and these are the
kinds the kinds of crimes that the
authorities have gone after, especially
in Hong Kong.
>> What sort of international reaction are
we expecting? We've heard from President
Trump. We've heard from Kirst Starmer
from the UK that has has urged at least
some leniency or at least uh to release
Jimmy Li. To what extent do you think
this could this case could heighten
tensions with some Western nations out
there? So I think international reac
reaction we have to consider what are
the priorities when governments are
dealing with China and Jimmy lie is not
the priority. I mean the priorities are
things like access to rare earth trade
um for the United States a free hand in
the Americas, Ukraine, Iran, the Middle
East. These are the even nuclear
weapons. These are the big issues. Not
Jimmy lie. So while western politicians
may say something I mean Starmmer you
mentioned him he's just returned from
China
>> and maybe he mentioned this I don't know
but China also knows that the big issue
the big hot button issues for western
countries are not Jimmy lie
>> the what does it mean for businesses
looking you know asking the question and
answer the question if you could have
have in what way has Hong Kong changed
So Hong Kong has changed and business
cares about that. Business wants
predictability. They want stability.
They want highquality regulation. The
Jimmy Lie case doesn't impact on that.
They want investment. And so these are
important. These are important things.
However, Hong Kong has changed with the
imposition of the national security law.
It has damaged our rule of law. It has
reduced the relative independence or
autonomy of the judiciary. Still, our
judiciary is more autonomous or
independent than say the executive or
the legislature in Hong Kong, which the
authorities I would say have tighter
control of. But they did influence the
judiciary's ability to um hold jury
trials or to grant bail or or or the
prison system to give remission and all
and choose counsel all of these kind of
things. And I would say in that sense
they damaged the rule of law. The
question really is ho how much is this
damage in the national security area
going to wash over into other parts of
our legal system that the that business
cares about especially such as contracts
and commercial disputes. My own view is
that eventually it will but I don't
think it's happened yet. So the question
is when?
Um,
>> yes. I mean,
>> tell us a bit more about that. I mean,
at what point do you think that
>> what sort of I mean, give us maybe more
examples of what you think this this
could actually be applied to other parts
of of business, right? Well, for
example, if the central government, as
they have done, have said that you may
not sue a stateowned enterprise in a
Hong Kong court because that's suing the
state or something like this. I
understand they have they have said
something like this already. So, this
this is uh could be framed as a national
security issue. I mean, let's face it.
China has imposed a very broad
understanding of national security. 20
different kinds of national security.
Food security, political security,
economic security, finance security,
polar security, all these different
things. And so, um, so much of public
policy, so much of the things that
businesses and other people care about
could be affected by this.
>> John, a pleasure. Thank you, uh, for
taking the time to speak with us. John
Burns there, uh, professor of marriages
and honorary professor at the University
of Hong Kong. Right. Uh in other uh
world news that we're tracking this
morning, let's uh get an update on Iran
and the president there's nuclear talks
with Washington on Friday were a step
forward. Now [music] the talks mediated
by Oman uh included uh the foreign
minister as well as the US special envoy
um Steve Whit [music] and of course
Jared Kushner uh President Trump's
son-in-law. Now Trump characterized the
the negotiations as very good and says
another [music] meeting is set for early
next week. Now the political future of
UK prime minister [music] that's gear is
in the balance on the appointment of
Peter Mandolen as ambassador [music] to
the US and that's after revelations of
course over uh Mandolson's past ties
with Jeffrey Epstein. Starmer's chief of
staff Morgan Mweeny has [music] quit
saying he takes full responsibility for
advising Star to make the appointment.
Uh it leaves the prime minister [music]
increasingly exposed as calls grow for
change at the top. Well, China has
tightened curves when [music] it comes
to cryptocurrencies and tokenized real
world assets and banning offshore
issuance of yen link stable coins
without approval. Let's get the latest
now from our crypto reporter Subash. She
joins us now from Singapore. So, Sua,
tell us what this means for crypto
because there were some who are actually
hoping for offshore UN peg stable coin
licenses. What does this all mean now?
>> Indeed, you're right, Ivan. uh they were
hoping and uh this looks like a you know
cold water on those plants because u uh
this is the this is not the first time
uh China has expressed his intention
that they don't want anything to do with
uh private yuan pegged stable coins and
uh in a way this is like doubling down
their stance that you know we are
warning about this so don't do it so
that's kind of a very clear message that
China has sent to anybody who has been
kind of you know still hopeful that they
can come around and China would China
could relax those rules and eventually
allow them to uh issue offshore yuan
based stable coins. So that kind of you
know as of now looks like is pretty much
out of the window uh and and any any
stable coin issuer will have to do with
uh you know any business model that has
to uh be without that plan now.
And does this have any bearing on the
stable coin outlook here in Hong Kong?
>> That's a good very interesting question
actually, David. Yeah, it does. I mean
uh to when we were talking about uh the
the Hong Kong stable coin issuance the
the license that the the regulation that
came into play last year last August uh
actually most of the applicants or
potential applicants were telling us oh
we we would love to have this because
that will in a way allow us to you know
at some point of time uh go into either
China or even in Hong Kong have those
offshore yuan based stable coins. So
they were hopeful that that could be a
way to issue uh Hong Kong could be a way
for them to issue uh offshore UN based
stable coins and eventually as well in
China uh UN pet stable coins. Uh so the
outlook looks little uh you know um grim
because those hopes are as I said are
not really likely to have bare fruits
even at least in the near future. And uh
overall even Hong Kong after this very
uh stark warning from China will be
treading carefully uh I mean that's what
is expected uh when when it comes out
with licenses which is expected in the
next uh you know few weeks from Hong
Kong on its own stable coin uh regime.
>> Yeah I think I did see a line on that of
course coming through I believe in March
if I'm not mistaken. Watch out for that
um separately of course. Uh thank you so
much Sashi Gosh our crypto reporter in
Singapore for us. We will leave you with
a look at cash markets. We're about an
hour uh and 10 or so minutes into the
cash market session this Monday and we
have retaken to [music] the upside at
27,000 handle on the HSN index.
Hopefully this result will will at least
make it easier [music]
um to form a government and make it a
stronger and stable more stable
government as well cuz ultimately what
we're looking for is continuity. U the
the consistent [music] comment that I've
had from international investors in the
past about Thailand is that we've got so
much potential. [music] Um but and and
all the policies that have been
announced by prior governments has
always been great but [music] when's the
execution? So ultimately stability comes
along and execution can happen.
That was [music] the stock exchange
president over in Thailand just early on
about an hour back of course just
talking about what this means for the
markets the election victory for the
ruling conservative party. In fact,
let's get more on what this means more
broadly and cross it over now to Bangkok
with our colleague of course is Linda
Ahmed our co-anchor is there with her
next guest who has written about
politics in Thailand for decades has
>> that's right the man with the answers
hopefully Dave with me Titan Pongadak of
Chilong Khan University titan good to
have you with us a huge surprise I mean
the fact that uh Bumjay Thai party
garnered three times the vote
of the last election. I mean, what went
right for them?
>> Uh, a number of reasons. First, I think
this morning a lot of people have woken
up to a a very kind of counterintuitive
outcome. Uh, the poll suggested that the
people's party would win. They won in
2023. Hungai Tai came in third. I think
Anuin really leveraged his uh government
when he took office in September. A lot
of the base, the young base of people's
party were upset because people's party
voted for Anutin. They didn't have their
own candidate. So he took office and
then he used that uh power in office to
leverage to to entice the other smaller
factions to join his party. So from
being a third medium-sized party of 71
MPs became a a large party and then he
also used the incumbency advantages
having the budget to spend he his party
Puma has a big war chest. They also know
know how to canvas for votes. If you
look at 2024 in in the countryside
around Thailand, especially in the north
and northeast, they know how to to get
voters to vote for them. Uh canvasing
and using the war chest. Um so a number
of factors, the nationalism with
Cambodia, the Cambodia border clash in
July last year, December last year.
People still have that fresh in their
minds about uh the need to protect high
sovereignty, stand up to Cambodia. He he
played on that well. He also benefited
from royalism being seen as a kind of
the establishment back party. uh and he
has his technocrats uh you know in three
places finance minister, commerce
minister, foreign minister that have
helped him on campaign rallies and so
people look to him for status quo for
some stability and the numbers suggest
that very clearly
>> so Anuin is a smooth operator the fact
is can he deliver that is the big
question if you take a look at his track
record over the last four or five months
what would you say
>> I mean we have to acknowledge two things
that he's won the election hands down
very clear on the other hand his policy
performance as a a manager in the
cabinet uh doesn't have a lot to show
for it. For for example, I mean the
vaccines procurement going back to the
COVID the pandemic was very slow for
Thailand to get mRNA. Um the the the
cannabis remember is in limbo. Uh it's
not quite legalized but it's
decriminalized. Anin was the health
minister at that time. And then the the
scam network that he's really not
tackling fully head on. And then the
flood in the south we had recently he
was very slow to act on that. It looked
like he was overwhelmed by by issues and
not really a a policy man but but the
margin now will will enable him to do
whatever he wants. He have a strong
coalition, strong margin and we'll see
he has to start talking soon about
policies and he will rely on these
technocrats. He also has to keep the
vested interest uh under control under
supervision because uh a lot of these uh
factions and provincial patronage
networks they they operate on pork on on
rent on uh uh rent seeeking.
>> On the surface it does look like Anutin
may just be able to see through his
4-year term. And that's a feat in
itself. And that's pos possibly because
of his good relationship with the
military as well as the royal family.
That's a fair assumption. Um that's
evident and in the last 26 years can you
believe that only one elected government
in 2001 the taxing government lasted a
full term. The rest uh one by the taxin
parties, one by the move forward and
people's party um have been derailed and
uh styied and dissolved ultimately time
and again and you know punctuated by the
street protest by two military coups in
2006 2014 with an in power now backed by
the establishment. We were not likely
most likely not have that kind of
instability and volatility. So he's got
a clear path very stable uh coalition
very strong uh now it it comes down now
to policy performance. If he doesn't do
well, people will get fed up. I mean,
the economy is being squeezed in all on
all fronts. I mean, Thailand's not so
competitive now. It's low growth. Debt
is high. Household debt, public debt.
So, let's see what he does with that. If
he doesn't do well, then pressure will
will build again and people's party will
be there to take advantage of it.
>> Great disappointment for the people's
party. All the polls leading up to the
election show that they will win the,
you know, the most number of votes, do
better than the previous election. What
happened for them? Well, you know, it's
a really a counterintuitive kind of
surprising outcome because not just the
polls but the momentum for reform in
Thailand. It goes back to the Tan era.
You know, people have voted for change
and progress uh visa v the
establishment, the conservatives, uh
royalists. But this time they've gone
the other way which is to vote for the
status quo, not for change and progress.
I think people's party they they
suffered from you know having supported
I think their base was not happy. I
think that they could not campaign on
the less majeste amendment because now
that been banned. So they had to stick
to kind of a more bland anti-corruption
drive. Uh the leadership not as strong
as before, not as charismatic. And then
they are seen as maybe not nationalistic
enough on Cambodia, the Cambodia border
clash. So all in all, I think also the
turnout was not as high as expected. It
was we we had 74 75% last two elections
before yesterday, but this time less
than 70% maybe 64%. So a number of
question marks now for the people's
party to regain their ground.
>> Titan, thank you so much for your
assessment today. That was Titan Pong of
Chilongan University trying to make
sense of the results that we've seen
from uh last night's election. Von
handing it back to you.
>> All right, Paz, thank you so much. Of
course, we'll have more from Haz out of
Bangkok here uh during her hour of
insight coming up here. here and a
reminder of our new online feature as
well, the Bloomberg Video Hub, where
subscribers can explore live streaming
news and interviews, all our Bloomberg
TV shows, documentaries, reporter
analysis, and more. You can make sure to
check [music] it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Okay. Um in case you missed it, [music]
Bite Dance
uh two days ago launched this video
model Cance 2.0
and some of the names as you can see
market reaction has been positive
massively in some cases limit up. uh
some of the median AI application stocks
tied to the broader story video
generation model in case you're curious
what that was uh are reacting to that
analysts are saying it has surprised in
terms of the quality of the clips that
uh it was was generated and as you can
see of course markets are uh running
along those lines given of course that
launch that took place I think on on the
weekend.
>> Yep. And of course the next market to
watch for us is Thailand as it opens up
in the next hour and certainly it's
going to be um you know what this means
right given the fact that it's a clear
Thai election victory in itself it gives
a bit more of stability policy
continuity here for investors. So this
convincing win from the ruling Bonj Thai
party uh during the Sunday election
could really help boost the stock market
which as compared to the rest of
Southeast Asia has been doing relatively
speaking better. Yeah, they've done very
well this year relative to others.
They've done well over the past few
months or so. Uh so yeah, we will see
what that looks like once it opens
[music] up uh in in the next hour.
That's it from us. They're here on the
China show and of course on the ground
for us. Our co-anchor has us there on
the ground to unpack that elections,
those elections [music] on the weekend.
We will see you all tomorrow.